Now we will set up the database connection first of all.
Let's open up a skill set or a management studio connect to the server you'll be using for this training
.
Now locate the database you'll be using as you recall previously in this course we created a test database
called Diest training.
I will be using it for this tutorial.
My database currently has one table.
This is the test table that we created earlier.
At this stage what we will need is the server name right Donya server name somewhere and we will use
it just now.
Now let's return to Visual Studio and set up the database connection.
DoubleClick though all the D-B destination.
I can just like previously with the Flash file source manager we will need to create a new only DB connection
manager which we can then use in this all the D-B destination.
So click new.
Now we need to connect to the server and the database click new again and type in the server name.
Click refresh.
And now from the dropdown select your database.
Make sure your authentication method is correct throughout this course we are using Windows authentication
and that is probably the one you need to unless your database administrator told you otherwise.
Click OK and click OK again as you can see it is much quicker to set up and only D-B connection manager
then a flat file well-sourced manager and the best part is that we can use this connection manager in
our future only D-B destinations within this SS I-S project because we will be most likely using the
same database to store our data.
Now you can see the db connection manager here alongside the flat file source connection manager.
So far we have connected to the server and the bar database.
The last step is to create a table where the data will be placed.
There are two options here.
You can either create a table manually from within ask your server management studio or you can do it
from Visual Studio.
Getting Sosias to do most of the work for you.
If you use the first method then after creating a table unless your Server Management Studio you can
select to hear from the dropdown menu.
However I recommend the second approach where we create the table through visual studio.
It is more efficient and nicely fits into our e-tail blueprint to create the table click new as it says
is smarter and has already prepared the code for you.
The table that will be created will have the exact columns that you need.
But how did his sisters know what columns you need and what size they should have.
Well I knows this because of the blue arrow that connects your flat file source and the only D-B destination
the blue arrow is telling Sosias that this table in the database will be used to store the data coming
from that flat file source.
Therefore SSA knows how the table should be structured.
This can be very handy and save you lots of time when you're dealing with large tables with hundreds
of columns.
Let's go back to our table creation menu.
As you can see everything is nearly ready.
We just need to make a few small changes.
First of all let's change the name of our table.
I will demonstrate a convention that I use.
Start the table name of role.
This will tell you whoever is viewing the database that this table contains raw data for your analysis
.
Then put an underscore to separate the core of the tables name here type in the table name prefer Blee
without any spaces or hyphens to separate words or simply capitalize them.
For us it's bank customer demo.
Now put another underscore and enter today's date in the form at which you should be getting used to
by year month day.
Let me pause here for a second to explain why appending a date to your tables to your raw tables is
so important.
There are a couple of reasons.
One is versioning.
If your analysis ever needs to be refreshed with new data then it'll be very easy to distinguish between
all the new data sets because the table names have dates.
Another major reason is auditing.
Through this date you will always know in which subfolder of the uploaded data folder.
The matching says the file is sitting.
This is important because it allows you to trace any errors back to the source.
Back to the table creation.
We are nearly finished here.
Just one more thing we need to add.
It's an extra column full of me and after.
I will explain what this means in square brackets type in row number as one word.
This is going to be the column name and after that type in the following row of text int identity left
bracket one comma one right bracket and finish off throve a comma.
The code that you have just added will insert a row number column at the start of your table.
Make sure to do this for every table you create where SOSIAS.
This helps if indexation especially with large data sets.
Basically what this means is that they become more efficient and they take up less space.
Your database administrator will thank you for it.
By the way we won't be covering schemas in this course.
However if you are restricted to working with a certain schema in your database then you should add
your schema name before the table name like this.
Simply put it in square brackets followed by a dot but I'll delete this now because we won't be needing
it.
Now we're going to click OK.
However before we do that.
Note that as soon as you click OK Sosias will create your table for you.
All right.
Now let's go have a look at our table.
Right click on the tables folder and hit refresh.
Here you can see the new table.
Right click it and choose select top 1000 rows to get a preview of what is inside.
The tables are empty but it has the right columns prepared including the number column which we just
added.
Let's go back to society and finalize the only D-B destination.
Here you can see that the newly created table has been selected for us in the dropdown.
Don't worry about the rest of the options on the screen.
We won't be needing them at the bottom.
You see a warning message.
It is asking us to map the columns.
Let's go ahead and do that by clicking on the mappings page.
If you follow the steps carefully then you won't have to do anything on this page.
The columns are already mapped for you.
Now you can click OK.
You're only DBI destination is ready on my screen.
You can see that the Red Arrows sign is still there.
If I hover over it you'll see more details.
It says the column custom ID cannot be processed because more than one code.
Page 1 2 5 2 and 1 2 5 1 are specified.
You should not have this error on your machine.
All it is saying is that Sosias is confused as to which code page should be used to upload text data
to the database.
This is simply because I have installed multiple languages on my machine.
English and Russian.
If you do encounter this error all you have to do is select the only DBI destination and in the properties
when on the right set always use default code page to true.
As soon as I do that the error changes into a warning and it really shouldn't bother us because we know
what it's all about.
And that brings us to the end of today's tutorial.
Hope you're doing well so far and learning lots of new stuff.
Next time we will run the upload process